Resolves #2024 (#2210)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/windows/hyper-v/Get-VHD.md

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-VHD** cmdlet gets the virtual hard disk object associated with a virtual hard disk.

> > [!Note]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> > When the VHD is in use (e.g by a VM or mounted in OS) and it is on shared storage, the **Get-VHD** cmdlet can only access it from the host that is using it. All others will get and error that it is in use. 

Reviewer 2: Same here, I think we cannot use standard note format because of Get-Help.

> > When the VHD is in use (e.g by a VM or mounted in OS) and it is on shared storage, the **Get-VHD** cmdlet can only access it from the host that is using it. All others will get and error that it is in use. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that when the VHD is in use (for example by a VM or mounted in the OS) and it is on shared storage, the **Get-VHD** cmdlet can only access it from the host that is using it. Any other server trying to run the Get-VHD cmdlet will get an error that it is in use. 
```
